 

xii mrnonucrrow.

au original work, of which in many parts his Satires
bear the character: lor as Translations they are very
free: and though in some passages he expresses with
truth and great beauty the thoughts and sense of his
author, in others he quits him entirely, passing over
obscurities, and filling up the blank by indulging in
his own fancy. There isa Translation of Persius by

s Brewster, which, though it. may be almost called a

Paraphrase from its being so much extended in length,
has, notwithstanding, great merit in the easy flow of
the lines, as well as in the satisfactory interpretation of
doubtful passages. Gifford is close and in many parts
excellent, aud his notes are valuable3 but he seems to
take every opportunity of depreciating, and treating
even with contempt, that most useful commentator aud
expounder, Madau, who has done more by his notes to
throw light upon both Juvenal and Persius, to bring
them within reach of the unleamed, aud to malie them
accessible to those who might otherwise be ignorant of
their value, than any of the most voluminous aud inge-
nious Editors, who have bestowed their time and labour
on these works. To him the present Translator ac-
knowledges the full obligation which he has mentioued
aa generally due to him from the public.

But he cannot conclude this explanatory Introduc· Ι

tion, without expressing his other obligations to several

 

